# Console EchoBot

This is an echo bot that outputs responses on the console.

It uses `pipenv` or you can use your favorite virtual environment. You can also install the requirements on your global namespace.

## Pre-requisites

1. Python 3.7
2. Pip
3. Python Virtual Environment, preferably `pipenv` (Optional)


## To try this sample

### 1. Install requirements:

> Installing `pipenv` to create your virtual environment is optional but recommended to create an isolated environment

#### a. Install the requirements in an isolated virtual environment (Recommended):
```bash
pip install pipenv
```  
Since the Python Botframework SDK is still in preview, we will lock our dependencies on the pre-release version and then install.  

Lock dependencies to pre-release version and generate/update pipenv lock file `Pipfile.lock`.  
```bash
pipenv lock --pre
```  
then install all requirements  
```bash
pipenv install 
```  

#### b. Install the requirements directly on your global namespace:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Run the sample:

If you have `pipenv` installed run (It will use the included pipfile):

```bash
pipenv run python main.py
```

Or start your `pipenv shell` and then run start it as usual:

```bash
pipenv shell
```

and then:

```bash
python main.py
```

If you have the requirements installed directly on your machine run:

```Python
python main.py
```

Now you can test and interact with your bot directly from command line.


# Adapters

[Adapters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#the-bot-adapter) provide an abstraction for your bot to work with a variety of environments.

A bot is directed by it's adapter, which can be thought of as the conductor for your bot. The adapter is responsible for directing incoming and outgoing communication, authentication, and so on. The adapter differs based on it's environment (the adapter internally works differently locally versus on Azure) but in each instance it achieves the same goal.

In most situations we don't work with the adapter directly, such as when creating a bot from a template, but it's good to know it's there and what it does.
The bot adapter encapsulates authentication processes and sends activities to and receives activities from the Bot Connector Service. When your bot receives an activity, the adapter wraps up everything about that activity, creates a [context object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#turn-context), passes it to your bot's application logic, and sends responses generated by your bot back to the user's channel.


# Further reading

- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Bot basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Channels and Bot Connector service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)