# Echo Connector Bot

This bot builds upon the console bot. However for this, it creates an http server which you can connect from the Emulator to see bot interactions.

This bot uses `pipenv` or you can use your favorite virtual environment. You can also install the requirements on your global namespace.

## Pre-requisites

1. Python 3.x
2. Pip
3. Python Virtual Environment, preferably `pipenv` (Optional)


## To try this sample

### 1. Install requirements:

Installing `pipenv` to create your virtual environment is optional but recommended to create an isolated environment:

```Python
pip install pipenv
```

Or install the requirements directly on your global namespace:

```Python
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Run this sample:

If you have `pipenv` installed run (It will use the included pipfile):

```Python
pipenv run python main.py
```

or start your `pipenv shell` and then run start it as usual

```Python
pipenv shell
```

And then:

```Python
python main.py
```

If you have the requirements installed directly on your machine just run:
```Python
python main.py
```

Now you can test with the Bot Framework Emulator by connecting to http://localhost:3978

# Adapters

[Adapters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#the-bot-adapter) provide an abstraction for your bot to work with a variety of environments.

A bot is directed by it's adapter, which can be thought of as the conductor for your bot. The adapter is responsible for directing incoming and outgoing communication, authentication, and so on. The adapter differs based on it's environment (the adapter internally works differently locally versus on Azure) but in each instance it achieves the same goal.

In most situations we don't work with the adapter directly, such as when creating a bot from a template, but it's good to know it's there and what it does.
The bot adapter encapsulates authentication processes and sends activities to and receives activities from the Bot Connector Service. When your bot receives an activity, the adapter wraps up everything about that activity, creates a [context object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#turn-context), passes it to your bot's application logic, and sends responses generated by your bot back to the user's channel.

# Further reading

- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Bot basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Channels and Bot Connector service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
